# Flash_Cards
Built in Python with tkinter and pandas while utilizing .csv files with the goal of practicing the 100 most common Spanish words. I pulled this data from hermitdave: https://github.com/hermitdave/FrequencyWords/blob/master/content/2018/es/es_50k.txt using only the first 100 and created a .csv file. This main.py will read from this .csv originally and will create two new csv files after you run through the flashcards: one being for words you have mastered and the other for words you didn't remember or didn't get to. After these files exist, the next time you play python and pandas will show cards from the csv of words you missed. To avoid the BUG of when you master all cards and you try to run the file again (both the orginal spanish words csv and words to study will be empty) please delete the two new created csvs so you are only left with spanish_words.csv and basically start over. 


This project showed me the best thing to do when you are stuck is take a break. I could not figure out the known_cards() function at first, 
I was getting so frustrated so I came back at the end of the day and it came to me- I needed to call the next_card() function inside of this function and set index=False to get the correctly formatted csv that I wanted. What I was trying to do was silly when I came back and looked at it with a fresh brain. Also, the window.after() function for flipping the card after 3 seconds, this is the first time I have used this function so I also had to struggle through calling this function and then using the .after_cancel() to avoid it flipping every 3 seconds and only to start after you land on a card (at first if you spammed through, it would flip regardless until I used .after_cancel). So, these concepts were a lot to wrap my brain around but the struggle is better than just watching the solution, even if it takes twice as long.
